README files for first ocn datasets (#126)
resource-watch/data-pre-processing: ocn_005_historical_cyclone_intensity/README.md

## Historical Cyclone Intensity Dataset Pre-processing
This file describes the data pre-processing that was done to the [Tropical cyclones wind speed buffers footprint 1970-2009](https://preview.grid.unep.ch/index.php?preview=data&events=cyclones&evcat=4&lang=eng) for [display on Resource Watch](https://resourcewatch.org/data/explore/).

This dataset is provided by the source as a (zipped) GeoTIFF file. The following variables are shown on Resource Watch:
- 1970-2009 Maximum Storm Intensity (cy_intensity): Highest estimated category on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane wind scale, which measures storm intensity, during 1970-2009.

> Because the data were already provided in a compatible format and projection, very little processing was necessary to display this data on Resource Watch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To process this data for display on Resource Watch, the data in this NetCDF variable was converted to a GeoTIFF file so that it could be uploaded to Google Earth Engine.
```

Author: The source provides a zip file that contains a GeoTIFF in the correct projection. No processing of the file itself was necessary.
